(suspenseful music)
(groaning)
But why?
(groans) No, don't do it!
(grunts confusedly)
Why, you.
No way, Tosaka, why?
I made an extract
from the tranquilizer
that Orochimaru created.
And as expected, it works.
You mean, you took
the injectors.
(chuckles)
(suspenseful music)
This is becoming a real pain.
(laughs) And now you're
going to become my prey.
(suspenseful music continues)
Okay, Wasabi, Namida,
just stay back, you guys.
My, my, your love for
your team is beautiful.
And it's thanks to that,
that I'm going to get to
stalk my pray once again.
But this time, I'll
protect them for sure.
Well, I hope you're
going to make this
at least a little exciting.
The anticipation
is making me drool.
(air whooshing)
(groaning)
(chuckling)
(suspenseful music continues)
I'm sorry to say it, but,
your friends aren't
going to be coming
to save you this time.
I see, this means
that you're their-
(giggles)
(Opening theme music)
No way, so this whole
thing being a mission
was a lie from the very
beginning. (groans)
[Tosaka] I simply had no
choice but to join up with you.
I had dispatched
some men ahead of me,
but unfortunately they were
captured at the border.
(groans)
(giggles) But everything
ended up all right.
After all, I was able to
observe Jugo up close.
(groans) What was that?
You were after his
Curse Mark all along.
Exactly, Jugo's Curse Mark
is undoubtedly the original.
It's very rare.
We tried so hard before and
had such little success.
And now, finally!
Boruto, you must've sensed it
when Jugo underwent Curse
Mark transformation.
The infinite power and
potential of the Curse Mark.
It's just awe-inspiring!
On top of that,
there's still so much we don't
know about the Curse Mark.
It's... It's the very best
research subject ever!
So you seriously believe
you can just use Jugo
however you want?
Well, you said it
yourself, Boruto,
Nothing wrong being a dreamer.
You see? I'm no
different than you.
What'd you say?
I have a dream, to create the
ultimate Curse Mark weapon.
And to do that, it was
absolutely essential
that I get a sample from Jugo.
(groans) And that's the
reason you got close to him?
It wasn't only that! (chuckles)
Listen to this,
I even set up the
bait to lure him out.
The bait?
You mean?
Yes. I was the one
who infected the birds
with a new type of Curse Mark.
Imagine all the
trouble I went through.
Now you know just
how passionate I am
about all my research.
Stop messing around.
You don't know how hard Jugo
tried to save the birds!
All my efforts are about
to come to fruition!
With a sample from Jugo,
I'll be able to complete
the most powerful
Curse Mark weapon!
It's just so thrilling!
The power of science will
finally control the Curse Mark.
(suspenseful music)
-(whistling)
-(groaning)
Can you please cut this
conversation short, Doctor?
I'm sorry, I simply
get carried away
when I talk about
the Curse Mark.
We couldn't care
less about that.
All we're concerned with
is the bounty on that guy.
Why, you!
We'll get the boat ready so
we can set sail immediately.
Doctor, you bring
Jugo when you're done.
Yes, I'll head out soon.
(chuckles) Well, you heard it!
I no longer have
any need for you.
Oh, wait, I know!
Hey, Boruto, first,
how 'bout this?
I'll show you guys
my final test.
(groans)
This is a very special
formula I developed.
(rock music)
(explosion booms)
-(metal clangs)
-(grunts)
C'mon, let's do this!
Here ya go!
Hey, is that all you've got?
Water Style, Suireiha!
(chuckles) But the
friends you came to rescue
are wide open right now.
Water Style, Water Wall!
(grunts)
-Sumire!
-Please stop,
at this rate, you're gonna be-
Aw, how touching!
But you should just
ignore those impediments
and then you can focus
everything on fighting.
I won't ever abandon my friends.
Your friends? (laughing)
That's just so lame,
being strong yourself's
all that matters!
That's the reason why
I seized the power
of the Curse Mark!
Now come on, hurry up and
call your summoning, already!
Just forget about
your useless friends.
Summoning!
Nue!
(growls)
My chakra isn't-
Come on, are you kidding?
What's that supposed to be?
Make me feel at least a
little excited to fight.
(air whooshing)
Now, which one of you
shall I taste first?
Damn it, she's so fast,
I can't follow her moves.
Please be careful, Miss Karin.
Sumire said that girl's
bite will infect you
with the Curse Mark.
I think that I'm going
to start with you.
-(air whooshing)
-(gasps)
-Damn it, Cha!
-(explosion booms)
I can make out her moves at
least a bit with my Sharingan.
Those eyes really are a
nuisance, but it's all right.
I'm going to sprinkle a whole
lot of spice on you now,
and it's gonna burn!
-(grunts)
-(growls)
You were way bigger the
last time we fought.
A little runt like you
is just no fun at all!
(grunts)
I'll flatten you.
Nue!
-(rock music)
-(grunts)
(air whooshing)
(chuckles wryly) You
missed entirely. (grunts)
-(breathing heavily)
-(growls)
This is all so boring.
(sighs) Fine, that's
it, I'm done with you.
I'm gonna erase you completely.
(screeches)
(breathing heavily)
Namida!
(groans) That was annoying.
(grunts)
Thank goodness, you're better!
The serum, it's finally
starting to work.
Thanks so much, Sumire.
And now it's our turn
to protect our friend!
Yeah, that's more like it.
Looks like things are
finally getting exciting!
(growling)
(heavy rock music)
My, my, just how long
can you keep this up?
At this rate, my chakra will-
Got it!
I'm able to use my jutsu
to sense her chakra.
Which means-
Now I can sense where
she's gonna be coming from!
You're almost ready to eat now.
-The right!
-(grunts)
From here on out,
no more biting.
(chuckles)
-(grunts)
-(explosion booms)
(groans)
Sarada!
(air whooshing)
I'm not done eating!
(groans)
Let me go!
You okay, Sarada?
Miss Karin, amazing.
C'mon, we have to stop her.
(groans)
Quick, bite my arm.
You're almost out of
chakra now, aren't you?
But-
Biting me will repair all of
the damage you've sustained.
That's what my
special ability is.
Wait, hold on, if I do that,
it means that you're gonna be
sharing your chakra with me,
isn't that right?
If you do that, and you
run out of chakra, then-
Oh, don't be so naive!
Listen, The Chakra Chain
that I'm using right now
isn't going to be able
to hold her forever.
And if I run out of chakra,
then she'll get us both.
(laughing) I'll get a
taste of you real soon!
We can't waste any more time.
Sarada, you're gonna have to
hit her with all of your power.
That's the best plan, it's
the only way to defeat her.
(uplifting music)
A long time ago, your mother,
Sakura, saved my life.
When you go home, tell her,
That I've repaid my debt to her.
(uplifting music continues)
-(grunts)
-(air whooshing)
From above!
Bon appetite to me!
Damn it, Cha!
-(explosion booms)
-(uplifting music continues)
Sharingan and strength.
Well, you're
definitely their child.
Let's get back to the village.
(groans)
Mr. Jugo!
[Tosaka] Good, it looks
like the compound's working.
Damn it!
What the hell are
you doing to him?
I injected him with the
opposite of a tranquilizer.
It's more like a trigger
for the Curse Mark.
So he should be going on a
violent rampage quite soon.
Wait, he's what?
But if that happens, then
no one's gonna be safe,
not even you!
But it's necessary,
the final test,
is to see Jugo in
full-power mode.
Come on, quit talking
nonsense, would ya?
Mr. Jugo! (groans)
I can't believe that
you're still so feisty.
(grunts)
Damn it, I can't move.
I gotta do something
or this'll be bad!
Just behave, you two, alright?
You're both witnesses to an
extremely important experiment.
(groans)
-(crickets chirping)
-(feet pattering)
I found you, Konohamaru Sensei.
Mitsuki, that's great.
Let's rendezvous
with the others.
Right now, they're-
No, we have to hurry downriver.
Wait, what do you mean?
We have to go stop those guys
from the investigative team.
They have a boat, it's
anchored downriver
and acts as their home base.
It's not only the birds.
The damage has spread to
some of the villagers, too.
We have to make sure
we stop the infection
from spreading any further.
I think that at their base camp,
we should be able to find
a way to save everyone.
-(grunts)
-(intense music)
(sighs)
(sighs) This is boring.
I thought I'd get a little
more excitement from this.
-(yelps)
-(grunts)
Damn it, how is
this guy so strong?
All of you guys are
such lightweights.
I don't think you can
entertain me at all
with weak jutsu like those.
Well, if I can't have any fun.
(grunts confusedly)
Just stay down!
(growls)
Damn it, so annoying!
(grunts)
Come on, not that again.
(grunts) Where did they go now?
(sighs) We have to do
something right now.
But what?
Hey, Sumire.
Do you think there's a way
that you can turn
Nue giant again?
So sorry, guys.
But I don't think that Nue's
chakra has recovered enough
to do that quite yet.
There's a lot of
chakra right here.
No, Wasabi, I couldn't.
I can't extract chakra
from my friends.
We can only defeat that
guy's crazy strength
with something
that's even stronger.
I think that a giant Nue
would be able to do that.
No, I can't, I can't!
[Namida] We have faith in you!
Namida!
I know that we're gonna be okay.
Really, We aren't
worried one little bit!
But, I, I just-
Hey, don't stress out so much.
If we can't beat him now,
we're goners anyway, right?
So, I want you to give this
all you've got, Sumire!
Nue!
(heavy rock music)
(chuckles)
Hey, you guys? Thank you.
(heavy rock music continuing)
(grunts confusedly)
(breathing heavily)
Saves me the trouble
of hunting you down-.
Just what do you think
you're going to do
in that sorry state?
(growls)
(laughing) So you
finally showed up!
(growling)
You're getting me all excited
for this fight, however,
With the power I have,
I'm not gonna lose.
And I'm gonna
crush you! (grunts)
-Nue!
-(growling)
(groans)
Damn it!
(growling)
Go, Nue.
Why, you! (gasps)
-(groans)
-(rock music continues)
-(sighs)
-(growling)
Nue, no, stop!
Nue, why?
(grunts confusedly)
[Namida] Thanks, Sumire.
Wasabi, Namida!
You did it, Your power
was awesome, too, Nue!
(gasps) Something wrong?
(sighs)
(groans)
(chuckles)
(door creaks)
Hey, just what do you
think you're doing in here?
How long are you gonna- (gasps)
(groans)
Alright, just what's
going on, here?
This wasn't part of the plan!
(sighs) What a bunch
of stupid fools.
What's that?
(groans)
Damn it, there's
no choice, fire!
-(air whooshing)
-(yelling)
(bodies thud)
No way, it can't be.
(chuckles wryly)
Ta-da!
Actually, I'd already
perfected it, (chuckles)
what do you think?
This is the ultimate
Curse Mark Weapon,
made from the data
that I got off Jugo!
Isn't it so wonderful?
-(birds cawing)
-(intense music)
What's going on?
The birds are way noisier
than usual. (gasps)
Hey, don't we need to
get to the village now?
The sky is starting
to get brighter.
The wild geese could
migrate anytime!
If you're right, this is bad.
The Curse Marks haven't all
been extracted yet, right?
I'll make sure, I'll
go to the lake now.
The Curse Mark could spread
through the whole world.
That's the one thing we have
to prevent, no matter what.
(suspenseful music)
-All right.
-Damn it,
You realize that
this only happened
because you interfered
with my research.
(grunting)
Boruto,
Would you like to
see the results
of my research firsthand?
(groans)
Take Jugo and escape, go on!
Suigetsu, but you'll-
Oh, right, if I
remember correctly,
you have a very
interesting jutsu, so.
(yells)
Damn it, come on, open!
Boruto, just stop.
Mr. Jugo?
Just go on, get away from me!
(grunts)
(cackling)
It seems that the preparations
for the final test
are complete at last.
(yelling)
(Ending theme music)
(intense music)
[Boruto] Damn it,
what're you trying to do?
[Tosaka] I want to defeat Jugo,
who's undergone full
Curse Mark transformation.
To prove my Curse Mark is
the best in the whole world!
[Boruto] Don't get Jugo involved
in something as stupid as that!
[Tosaka] I'm going to make sure
that you have a front-row
seat to this excellent finale!
[Boruto] Next time on Boruto,
Naruto Next Generations,
"Migration Season".
I'm not gonna let you do that,
I'm gonna stop you right now!
(Ending theme music)